README.md, before:

# Chore App

# Overview

This mobile app is designed to teach children responsibility. Parents are able to set a list of tasks or chores for their children to do. After completion of the task, parents can use the app to give their children rewards. The goal is to teach children important life skills and to instill life long habits of caring and giving to others.

For technology, we use javascript and typescript to program a react-native app. We chose an app because it is portable and easy for children to update the app wherever they are. For continous integration, we use github. Through github, we track issues in a kanban board. For testing of the React Native applications, we use Jest. For database, we use the firebase.

# How to install and run the project

First downCurrently, to run the app, we go to the my-app folder and type "npx expo start" or "npx expo start --tunnel" (public wifi). Then, we download the expo app. With the expo app, we scan the QR and the app should run. Potentially, we use docker to ensure that anyone is able to run the app no matter what device.

# Credits

Tony Huang
Bemin Shaker
Phong Mai
Steven Hoang
Chris Rodriguez
Federico Yacoubian

Commit message:

Updated the readme with better instructions

README.md, after:

# Chore App

# Overview

This mobile app is designed to teach children responsibility. Parents are able to set a list of tasks or chores for their children to do. After completion of the task, parents can use the app to give their children rewards. The goal is to teach children important life skills and to instill life long habits of caring and giving to others.

For technology, we use javascript and typescript to program a react-native app. We chose an app because it is portable and easy for children to update the app wherever they are. For continous integration, we use github. Through github, we track issues in a kanban board. For testing of the React Native applications, we use Jest. For database, we use the firebase.

# How to install and run the project

In the terminal, navigate to the directory containing app.js, and run the following commands:  
 npm install : install all the dependencies for the project  
 npx expo start or npx expo start --tunnel : start the server

Download the expo app.
Scan the QR code in the terminal and the app should run.

Potentially, we use docker to ensure that anyone is able to run the app no matter what device.

# Credits

Tony Huang
Bemin Shaker
Phong Mai
Steven Hoang
Chris Rodriguez
Federico Yacoubian
